(thunder crashes)
(mysterious instrumental music)
(hail thudding)
(window crashes)
(wood bangs and crashes)
(gentle victorious music)
(engine roars)
(relaxing music)
- We got about eight hours
to get this baby back inside a body.
- No sweat. We'll be on the
ground before you know it.
- [Radio Operator] Lifeguard 25 kilo mic,
be advised center is
showing a storm system
building up southeast of
your Vermont destination.
You may wanna redirect until
we get a better read on it.
- Thanks, Tower. We'll check it out.
- [Radio Operator] Roger, Lifeguard.
- Routine morning. Don't
worry, we'll make it in time.
(engine roars)
(thunder crashes)
(cheerful orchestral music)
(children laugh)
(bike bell rings)
(relaxing music)
(tool cranking)
- [Christy] It's after
nine. You're gonna be late.
- Thanks.
(tool bangs)
- Looks like you're
actually almost finished
with this thing.
Is it gonna run?
- That's the idea.
(birds chirp)
- Did you talk to Jason last
night about the auction?
- Yep.
- Then why is he still under
the impression he's gonna go?
- I told him we'd sleep on it.
- After you and I already
decided he shouldn't go?
- Honey, I know it's a
mother's job to be protective.
- It's a parent's job, Dan! (sighs)
(footsteps rushing)
(Dan sighs)
(dog barks)
- Hey, I'm sorry.
- Forget it. I'll talk to him.
- Christy, it's been six months.
At some point we have to start letting him
live a normal life again.
- What's normal, Dan,
for a 12 year old who needs a new liver?
- It's just a magic show.
- If he falls down or
he bumps into something,
it could kill him!
- And keeping him cooped up in the house
while you obsess over worst case scenarios
is somehow helping him?
- Hey! Check it out.
Abra
Cadabra!
Ta-da!
- Very impressive.
- That's great, honey.
- Impressive enough to give me
that Chinese water torture tank?
- No.
- Can I at least saw Marie in half?
- Yes.
- No!
- No.
(Dan sighs)
Look, pal,
your Mom and I decided you
should skip the auction.
- But you said if I was feeling okay that-
- I know honey.
What Daddy meant was-
- I know.
Maybe next year.
- I'm going climbing with
Laura and some friends. Bye!
- Excuse me?
- It's no big deal. Everybody
that's going is certified.
- Absolutely not!
Get back in the house
and get rid of that gear.
- Dad!
- You heard her.
(groans dramatically)
(footsteps stomp)
(dog barks)
(door slams)
- Thanks for the support.
Bye, Honey. See you tonight.
Maybe we'll play Monopoly
or something, okay?
- Okay.
Does Mom worry so much
'cause she's a doctor?
- Yep.
Yeah, 'cause she's a doctor
who loves you very much.
- I know, but it's not like
pulling a rabbit out
of a hat is dangerous.
I mean, it's not even a real rabbit.
(door clicks)
- This is criminally unfair.
Mom's a total uptight freak.
- Hey!
I don't wanna hear you talking
about your mother like that.
- Now I can't even say what I want?
This is like living in Russia.
What am I supposed to do
all day? Sit around and veg?
- Actually, no.
No, I want you to drive
Jason to the car auction.
- What?
- Are you serious?
- Yes. But I want you to be very careful.
- I will. I promise!
- All right.
- Thanks Dad.
- And I want you to make sure
he drinks plenty of water
and if he gets tired,
bring him right home.
- You're kidding, right?
This is the worst case of
parental hypocrisy I've ever seen.
- All right, don't start.
This is very important to him.
- So? No one cares what's important to me!
- I have had enough of the
rebellious teenager act, okay?
You're driving your brother to town.
If I hear another word about
it, you're grounded for a week.
- Ah!
(relaxing music)
(door slams)
(upbeat music)
(crowd clapping cheerfully)
- [Crane] Howdy, folks, and
welcome to Peter Crane's
17th Annual Auto Auction Extravaganza!
Hey, hey, hey! We're giving them away!
Change your life and please your wife.
You'll save more than a
nickel on your next vehicle.
We gotta move them by the
load. Now get in the mode.
Put some new rubber on the road.
(crowd chatters)
- [Crane] No dust, no rust,
just a car you can trust.
- Whoa! This is so cool!
- Yeah, it's frightening you think so.
Well, have fun. I'll
be back in a few hours.
- Dad said that you have-
- Dad's not here.
- You're going climbing!
- Look, do you want me to call Mom
so neither of us gets to do anything?
- Have a nice climb.
- Bye!
Have fun.
(door slams)
(crowd chatters and cheers)
- Hello! (laughs)
No, no, no. Please,
please, please. (laughs)
(crowd cheers)
Hey, hey, hey! We're giving them away.
Change your life and please your wife.
Thank you! Thank you. (laughs)
- [Crowd Member] No, thank you.
- Thank you very much.
And welcome to the 17th Annual
Auto Auction Extravaganza
where all roads lead to a deal!
- [Crowd Member] Yes!
- [Crowd Member] Yeah!
- Pete Crane will put you behind the wheel
and make you a deal.
(crowd cheers)
Did I say deal? I should have said steal.
(crowd laughs)
So folks, get your bidding hats on.
Don't wander off,
and get ready 'cause the action
will be in just a moment.
- All right!
(crowd cheers)
- Jason. Jason!
It's about time. These
people breed like rabbits.
Now I want you to keep these kids quiet.
Quiet kids make happy parents,
and happy parents buy cars, hmm?
- No problem.
- Ah, you smell that Kid?
- Ah, popcorn?
- No. Money.
There's nothing quite like
the smell of money in
the morning. (laughs)
Got me some clear skies and a good crowd.
Nothing's gonna stop me now. No siree!
(thunder crashes)
- [Radio Operator] Lifeguard 25 kilo mic,
be advised you are approaching
a building storm system.
You may wanna redirect
southeast of your Vermont destination.
- How long will that take?
- Too long.
It might be a little dicey,
but I think we can make it.
Okay, Tower. We'll keep our eyes open.
- [Radio Operator] Roger that, Lifeguard.
- You ever gonna put that thing down?
- It's safer in my lap.
Too much bouncing might damage the organ.
- What's with the lights?
- It's a monitor.
The more green, the healthier the organ.
If it gets to red, it
ends up in a dumpster.
(plane creaks)
- Looks like we found that storm.
(engine roars)
- Is everything all right?
- Just a few bumps in the road.
- How long until we get there?
- We got a pretty stiff headwind.
We're gonna be a little late.
(birds chirping)
- Well, all right-
- [Announcer] Dr. Kenya, OR
Two. Dr. Kenya To OR Two.
- Light box in three is still out.
- It's on the list.
Maintenance lost two
more people this morning.
I'm having a hard time
even getting a bed changed.
- This is getting ridiculous.
It took me 45 minutes
to get that wrist x-ray through radiology.
I don't know how Karen
expects to run a hospital
on half a staff.
- Mm, that's a good question.
You know what you should
remember to ask her
when you stop by her office later.
- Again?
- [Debbie] Mm-hmm.
- Doesn't she have anything
better to do than to bother us?
- Apparently not.
- Great.
I'll stop by and see her between
my brunch and my pedicure.
(laughs cheerfully)
- [Announcer] Dr. Fitzgerald-
- What's next?
- Well, we have a gashed thumb in one
and a possible broken shoulder in two.
(phone rings)
Rutland ER? Yep. She's right here.
It's for you.
- Dr. Blanchard.
(somber music)
Are you sure?
How close is the match?
Yes! Yes. The hospital is
absolutely ready to accept it.
(plane creaks)
- Whoa! Should I be scared yet?
- Not yet. Everything's under control.
(dramatic music)
(window breaks)
(crew screams and hollers)
- Coming down! We're coming down!
(plane explodes)
- Pull it up!
- I can't!
(crew screams)
(plane explodes)
(relaxing music)
- [Stu] Dispatch!
- [Radio Operator] Hey Stu,
I'm still waiting on that ambulance.
This guy's in a lot of pain.
I need someone here now.
Where are they?
- [Stu] What can I tell ya, Pat?
- [Radio Operator] Something.
- [Stu] They had a call.
- [Radio Operator] That's not my fault.
- Hey, don't blame me.
Talk to the guy who did the
header off his kid's skateboard.
- [Radio Operator] Say what?
- [Stu] How should I know?
You're the camp counselor! Counsel.
- [Radio Operator] Hey Stu.
- Morning, Stu.
- [Stu] Hey boss. What
about arts and crafts?
Hey, it's just a suggestion.
I gotta go.
- [Radio Operator] Thanks Stu.
- Pat Brody?
- Yeah.
Zach and Doug are running
late on that CPR demo
and he's blowing a gasket.
- What about sending Steve and Tony?
- They just rolled in on a heart attack
over at Fitness Masters.
Some guy dropped right on the treadmill.
- [Radio Operator] Unit One to Base.
- Zach, are you guys on
your way to Pat Brody's?
- [Radio Operator] We were
until Millie Ryan flagged us down.
- Fluffy?
- [Radio Operator] Yeah. She's
up pretty high this time.
We're gonna need the Fire Department.
- Forget it. Tell Millie
to buy a pellet gun.
- Hey! Zach, it's Dan.
Hey, see if Millie's got
a can of tuna we can use
to lure the cat down.
And let's try to avoid
opening fire on Fluffy
unless absolutely necessary, huh?
- [Radio Operator] Roger on the tuna.
- And get over to Brody's A-S-A-P.
- [Radio Operator] Got it.
- Tuna?
- Pellet gun?
- It's a figure of speech.
- Yeah.
What's all this?
- Manpower reports.
Division says you've been
filling them out wrong.
- It's been five months.
They couldn't have mentioned it sooner?
- I warned you about
taking this promotion.
Young guys like you
should be out in the field
not doing paperwork in an office.
- Yeah, well tell it to my wife.
- You want my advice?
- No, not really.
- You two need to tear down
the emotional walls you've
built up since the accident
and rebuild trust.
Start with an intimate dinner for two
and bring flowers but not
roses, they're too showy.
- Ah.
- Big storm over in Woodward last night.
50 mile an hour winds,
golf ball size hail.
Says here it took out a gas hauler
about 150 miles west of here.
What do you think of the name Medusa?
- For what?
- The storm.
Weather service says it's
not big enough to get a name,
but I disagree.
- I think division's gonna love
my manpower report for today
when it lists cat rescue and storm naming.
(relaxing music)
- Thank you. Thank you so much.
- Queen Karen put a stop
on all supply orders
so now we're outta small gloves.
Good thing I keep an extra stash.
You okay?
- That was the National Donor Center.
They found a liver match for Jason.
- That's great!
- Call surgery. Have
them page Dr. Burquette.
Have them prep the OR.
Liver's gonna be here
in about three hours.
- Right! Right!
- [Announcer] Nurse
Stockdale to Pediatric.
- Bring Jason in.
(phone clicks)
- [Announcer] Code
Blue, ER. Code Blue, ER.
- Come on Marie, pick up.
- [EMS] Let's go! Let's get him
in there! Come on! Let's go!
- [Voice Mail] Hi, you've
reached the Blanchard family.
Leave a message, and
presto, we'll call you back.
(phone clicks)
- [Radio Operator] Step off
the old fire access road there.
We'll need a-
(phone rings)
- Dispatch.
- Stu, it's Christy.
- Hey Christy!
- I'm not here.
- Is Dan there?
- An, no, he's not in yet.
Want me to give him a message?
- [Nurse] Dr. Blanchard,
we're gonna need you!
- Just tell him I can't find the kids
and to call me as soon as he can.
- [Stu] Got it. Bye.
(phone slams)
- [Nurse] Watch it!
(soft rock music)
♪ And before we know you'll
be crying on my shoulder ♪
♪ Trying, trying to work
out things that give my ♪
- What took you so long?
Rick and Michael are already up there.
- I had to drop off my stupid brother.
- Michael was totally asking about you.
- No way!
- Rick even said he was kind of into you.
- Okay.
Was there more of an emphasis
on the kind of or the into?
- Definitely into.
- Into is good. (laughs)
(footsteps crunch)
(tools beep)
- Ventilating.
- Pressure's dropping.
100 over 30.
20. He's crashing.
There's one amp of Epi?
- One amp Epi.
- Lubricate.
- Lubricating.
- I'm at 250.
(machine whirs)
Clear!
(machine bangs)
- Patient's still in V-tach.
- I'm at 300.
(machine whirs)
Clear.
- [Nurse] Clear.
- Dr. Blanchard,
your husband's on the
phone returning a call.
- Tell him I'll call him back.
I'm at 350.
Clear!
(soft rock music)
- Whoa! (laughs)
Hey! Whoo!
(climbers laugh)
- They call that climbing?
- [Laura] Ssh! They'll hear you.
- Nice job guys!
Looking really good!
- Yeah! (laughs)
There it is! Try and top that.
(thunder crashes)
- [Stu] Have you got the GPS coordinates?
- [Radio Operator] Two degrees
west original location.
- Uh-huh. How many on board?
- [Radio Operator] There's two.
- Got it. We'll check
it out and let you know.
- [Radio Operator] Copy that.
- What's up?
- Looks like Medusa's
got a mean streak in her.
She just knocked down a
private plane above Deersley,
about 50 miles from town.
- Where was it headed?
- I don't know. They just said
she was coming from Kenton.
- Any survivors?
- No contact, just the GPS signal.
Mountain Rescue is still over in Woodward,
they want us to take a look.
Let's see.
Steve and Tony are still at
that bicycle versus auto.
I guess I'll have to break Zach and Doug
away from Pat Brody's place.
Send them up there.
- Oh you know how the
kids love those demos.
Hate to disappoint them like that.
- Well, they are only young once.
- Yep. See ya.
- What about the reports?
- Help yourself.
- I've got 75. I've got 75 going once.
75 going twice.
- [Bidder] Over here!
- 75 going three times.
(gavel bangs)
Sold for 75!
(crowd cheers)
Well, now look here.
Here I have a beautiful
British racing green,
four door compact.
- So this is your card, right?
- Nope.
- Well, what about this one?
- Uh-uh.
- [Crane] She only drove
it to church on Sunday.
- Guess I owe you a dollar.
My wallet's in here.
Could you hold that for a second?
- [Crane] $2.800.
- Hey! That's my card. How'd you do that?
- Magic.
- [Crane] Anybody got the faith?
(crowd applauds)
Do I hear 29? 29.
- Over here!
- [Crane] There you go.
The lady in the blue.
Anybody for 30?
Huh?
Anybody for 31? 31!
- You know one guy I
went to film school with
just shot footage of "Desert Storm."
Another guy just finished his
second Wesley Snipes film.
- [Crane] Do I have 33?
- Where did I go wrong?
- Now 32. Going once!
Going twice!
(gavel bangs)
Sold for $3.200!
(crowd cheers)
- Are you kidding?
$3.200 for this fine piece
of American engineering.
That is highway robbery.
Will somebody please get
my accountant on the phone?
We're in serious trouble.
Oh, oh, oh my heart! My heart!
On second thought, forget the
accountant. Call my doctor.
- So remember Vermont,
you don't have to spend a heck of a lot
to get a heck of a deal.
This is Tricia Tyler, the
bargain hunter for WCVD News.
Cut it!
I think I coulda hit that
second heck a little harder.
Let's go again. Come on.
- I don't know Trish,
I think you nailed it.
It was really...
- [Crane] 52 right there?
- Real.
- Yeah? Yeah, it was,
wasn't it? Okay. (giggles)
- [Crane] Do I hear 54? 54!
- Ta-da!
(crowd applauds)
I'm gonna take a short break
and I'll be back with
even more amazing tricks.
- I've got 55. Do I have 57?
57 going right there.
Do I hear six? Six?
- [Bidder] Yeah!
- There's six! 65. What about 65?
Six going once. Going twice.
(gavel bangs)
Sold for six to the
young man in the yellow.
- [Radio Announcer]
Special services hotline.
Continuing our top story for the hour,
the National Weather Service
has issued a storm warning
for the greater Vermont area.
Residents of Woodward,
Rutland, and Bristol County
are advised to stay indoors.
Severe hail has already
caused major damage
and is expected to continue sporadically
for the next few hours.
We will continue to bring you
storm updates as they come in.
(gavel bangs)
- Sold for 75 right over there!
- Mr. Crane, I have to talk to you.
- Not now kid.
- But Mr. Crane, the radio said
that everyone should go home
'cause there's a storm coming!
- Go! Go home? Are you nuts?
I'm selling everything in sight.
Heck, I might even finally
get a chance to sell the bus.
- Yeah, but the radio's said severe hail.
- Hail storm? Look, there's
not even a cloud in the sky.
All right, next up is this 1995...
(somber upbeat music)
- [Stu] Dan? Come in.
- Go Stu.
- Hey Dan, are you getting close?
- I'm at the turnaround.
- Well, you better hurry it up.
Medusa caught a kick off the Atlantic
and she's coming over the mountain,
heading for town at 20 miles and closing.
- [Dan] What's she bringing with her?
- Hail at twice the
size and speed as usual.
(whistles dramatically)
Sudden squalls of baseball size stones
that come and go without warning.
Raining down at north
of 150 miles an hour.
(phone rings)
Dispatch?
- [Christy] It's Christy.
- [Stu] Hey Christy.
No. Dan's out on a call.
- Put her through, Stu.
- Dan, where are you?
- I'm up at Deer's Leap. What's up?
- I can't find the kids.
- That's nothing to worry
about. I'm sure they're fine.
- They found a match for Jason.
- What?
- A liver. They found
him a liver. (laughs)
- Are they sure?
- Yes. Yes. It's on its way.
(relaxing music)
- [Dan] I can't believe it.
I mean, this is incredible.
- I know.
Listen, the liver's only
good for about eight hours
and it's being flown here from the Midwest
so Jason needs to be ready for surgery
as soon as it gets here.
Can you go home and get him?
- Yeah, sure. No problem.
- Dr. Blanchard! He's spiraling.
- I have to go. Just get
him here as fast as you can.
The plane's gonna be here
from Kenton any minute.
- Did you hear that, Stu?
- I'm on it, Dan. Hold on.
I'm sorry, Dan.
Kenton Center confirms the downed plane
was carrying the transplant organ.
- Ah!
- [Stu] Want me to get Christy back?
- No.
(soft dramatic music)
(door slams)
(footsteps rush)
(thunder crashes)
(machine beeping)
- Is this your Code Blue?
- Oh. Yeah. This is Charles
Wilson, 63. No prior history.
- How's he doing?
- Oh, he's hanging in there.
His family's on the way.
(machine beeping)
(phone rings)
- Part of heading a department
is taking on certain
administrative responsibilities.
- Ah. What's your point?
I've really gotta get
back to this gentleman.
- I have left numerous messages
for you to come and see me.
- Well, it's kind of tough to get away
when you're the only one here.
- Your charts are
currently four days behind.
- Well, I'll catch up
when things slow down.
- I'm not interested in
excuses, Dr. Blanchard.
I'm interested in billing
and I can't do that until
your charts are complete.
- I understand. I'll
get to them when I can.
- [Announcer] Nursing station three.
- You don't like me very
much do you, Doctor?
- [Announcer] To nursing station three.
- Well, you've been
here for only two weeks.
You have managed to
completely disrupt the ER.
You have alienated every
member of the staff.
What do you expect?
- I expect you to do your job.
From now on,
your charts will be in my
office at the end of each shift.
- Fine. Anything else?
- Yes. Your son's surgery.
- What about it?
- You accepted a liver
without my consultation.
Hospital policy dictates
that I am responsible
for assessing a scenario
before accepting a transplant.
- Jason is a perfect candidate.
I assumed that there wouldn't be any-
- That's not your assumption to make.
Your unauthorized decision
could lead to legal action
against this hospital.
- I didn't think-
- Clearly.
In the future, I expect you
to act more responsibly.
- I'll do that.
- Good.
(footsteps clicking)
(dramatic music)
(footsteps crunching)
- Hello? Hey! Hey!
Hey!
Oh man.
(breathing heavily)
(mysterious upbeat music)
Don't move. Stu, I got a survivor.
Get some help up here.
You hang in there. You're gonna be fine.
- The pilot? Tom?
- I'm sorry. He didn't make it.
- We were carrying a transplant organ.
- I know. It's for my son.
How's your breathing?
- Okay. Your son?
- Yeah. Jason.
Can you squeeze my hand?
Good, good.
- The liver, it's over there.
I held onto it as long as I could.
I'm okay.
Go get it.
(branches crack and scruff)
(relaxing upbeat music)
- Stu, I found the liver.
What's the word on mountain rescue?
- [Stu] They're on
their way from Woodward,
but it'll be a few hours.
- A few hours isn't good enough.
- [Stu] It's the best they can do.
- Get them up here as soon as possible.
- [Stu] I'm on it, Dan.
- Don't worry. They will be here.
- How is it?
- Looks okay.
- It has to get to the hospital
before the green lights go out.
- I can't move you without a
backboard and a neck brace.
- I know.
I'm fine.
You're running outta time.
- I'm not leaving you.
- Hey!
If this liver was for my son,
I'd leave you in a heartbeat.
Seriously, you waiting around here
doesn't do anybody any good.
If that liver doesn't get to Jason,
this was all for nothing.
- You hang in there now.
That's it. Come on.
You're gonna be all right.
(upbeat music)
(Marie grunts and groans)
(tools click)
(materials bang)
- Well, this oughta keep you covered.
- Get going. I've seen
this storm up close.
You don't wanna be on
the road when it hits.
- All right.
- Here. Stu will keep you
company until they get here.
- Thanks.
- No, don't thank me
yet. He's quite a talker.
And here's the volume.
You may need it once he gets going.
(birds chirp)
Thank you.
I'll buy you a beer later?
- Make it two and we're even.
(Dan laughs)
- It's a deal.
Good luck.
(thunder crashes)
- Looks like a storm. We
should probably head down.
- Come on!
If we don't reach the flag,
we'll never hear the end of it.
- You ready to call it quits? (laughs)
- Hang on!
Okay, check this out.
(victorious music)
- [Climber] All right!
- Marie, you totally rock. (laughs)
(thunder crashes)
- I've got 8.000. Do I hear 81?
- Mr. Crane!
- Do I hear 81? 8.000 going once.
- 8.000 going twice.
- Look at the sky!
(gavel bangs)
- Sold to the newlywed.
(crowd cheers and applauds)
- Wow! Yay!
- Congratulations.
May this be the first of
your many cars together.
- The storm.
- Boy, I've told you for
the last time back off!
Congratulations.
If you'll just drive
over to the sales table,
Janet will take care of all the paperwork.
All right, now don't anybody go away now.
Next up, we have a...
- A 1999 SUV.
- 1999 SUV.
- [Radio Announcer] Our
top story of the hour.
The National Weather Service is issuing
a severe weather warning for
most of the Vermont region.
There are now two confirmed casualties
attributed to the storm,
and residents of Woodward,
Rutland and Bristol County
are advised to avoid driving
and stay inside away
from doors and windows
until 8:00 p.m. tonight.
Repeating. The National Weather-
- Ladies and gentlemen!
Please don't get excited.
We're about to start the bidding
on the bargain basement special.
A Studebaker. A '64 Studebaker!
- [Radio Announcer] Away
from doors and windows.
- We'll start the bidding at $50!
(thunder crashes)
(dramatic music)
(wheels squeal)
- [Stu] Go ahead, Dan.
- Christy?
- Did you find Jason?
- Not yet.
- Dan, the liver's gonna
be here any minute.
- No it won't.
The plane carrying it went
down in the mountains.
- What?
- Don't worry. Everything's okay.
I found the liver. It's fine.
- What about the crew?
- One made it, one didn't.
- That's awful.
Um, are you sure the liver is all right?
Even the slightest leak or crack?
Dan, just get here as fast as you can.
- I'm on my way.
- What about Jason?
- I let Marie take him to Crane's.
- You what?
- Stu's calling over there
now. She'll bring him in.
Everything's okay.
- No, it's not okay. You lied to me.
- I didn't want you to worry.
- Christy. Mr. Wilson's
wife and daughter are here.
- Take them in. I'll be right there.
I have to go. Can you
get Jason here or not?
- Yeah. He'll be there. I promise.
- I don't need promises,
Dan. I need my son.
(phone slams)
- Yeah.
(thunder crashes)
- Come on back!
- [Radio Announcer] Advised to stay inside
and away from all windows and doors.
If you are driving, stay in the car,
pull over until the storm subsides.
- Are you crazy?
- [Radio Announcer] And now
back to more soft sounds-
- Have you completely lost your mind?
- I told you there's a storm coming.
(thunder crashes)
- Do you have any idea how
much money you just cost me?
- I'm sorry.
- Well, sorry don't cut it.
All right, pack up your stuff.
That's the last time you're
gonna work on this lot.
I knew I shoulda hired
the dancing poodles.
(thunder crashes)
(window breaks)
(alarm rings)
(hail banging)
(crowd hollers)
(windows break)
(hail bangs)
(thunder crashes)
(hail banging)
(glass breaking)
- This is gonna ruin my hair!
- Oh!
(windows break)
- Oh boy.
(crowd hollers)
- Close the door.
(hail bangs)
(windows break)
- Yeah. Trish, come
back. It's safer in here.
(windows break)
(hail bangs)
(wood bangs)
(windows break)
(crowd hollers)
(car crashes)
- Ugh!
(thunder crashes)
(dramatic music)
- Whoa!
Marie, Laura, come down!
The storm's coming!
Come on. I'm serious! Hurry!
(thunder crashes)
(climbers holler and cry)
- Laura!
- Ah!
- [Climber] Hold on to her. Hold on!
- [Stu] Sorry, there's still no answer.
- There's gotta be a ton
of people at Crane's.
How can no one be answering?
- Well you know how
crazy the auction gets.
There's probably nobody near the phone.
- Well, keep trying.
(dramatic music)
You gotta be kidding me.
- [Laura] Marie. Marie,
you have to help me!
Help!
- Stu, change of plans.
Send Zach or Doug to
pick up Jason at Crane's.
I'll meet him at the hospital.
- [Stu] You got it.
- Pull!
Don't move, Laura!
- Marie, help!
- [Climber] All right. Hold on.
(Laura grunting)
- Laura, stay still!
- Marie, I can't!
- Laura, don't move!
- Laura, get back on the face!
- I can't!
- [Marie] Calm down, Laura. I'm coming!
(Laura screams)
- [Climber] Laura, get back on!
- Ah!
- Move!
- Help me!
- Just grab my arm. Come
on, Laura! Just grab it!
Come on! Grab my hand.
Come on! Come on!
Come on!
Come on, you can do it!
- [Climber] Come on, Laura!
- Oh! Ah!
- [Climber] It's slipping!
The rope is slipping.
- [Dan] I've got you!
Hang on!
- [Marie] It's all right, Laura. Hang on.
- That's it! Hang on!
That's it. Come down.
- You got it, Marie. Come down.
- What are you doing here?
You're supposed to be watching Jason.
- [Laura] No, Mr. Blanchard.
It wasn't Marie's fault.
She saved my life.
- Look, this hail's unpredictable.
I want all of you to get your
gear right now and go home.
You're coming with me.
(siren blares)
- [Radio Operator] Unit Two to Base.
- Copy Unit Two. Did you find Jason?
- [Ambulance Driver]
Negative. We had to stop.
There's hail injury victims everywhere.
We picked up four minors
and a major head trauma.
- Can you still make it out to Crane's?
- [Ambulance Driver] No,
we're not that far away
but the head trauma's lost a lot of blood.
- Okay, get back out
there as fast as you can.
- [Ambulance Driver] Roger.
We're rolling to Rutland Medical.
(phone rings)
- [Stu] Dispatch?
- So why are you even up here?
- I was on a call.
- What about my car?
- You can forget about it.
You are so grounded
you'll be lucky if you ever see it again.
- All I did was go climbing!
- You were supposed to be
taking care of your brother.
- That's all I ever do.
You know what? I'm sick of it.
I'm sick of this family.
- Yeah, well that makes us even
because I'm not too thrilled
with you either right now.
(somber mysterious music)
(wood bangs)
- Mr. Crane?
(breathing heavily)
- You okay?
- [Jason] Yeah. You?
- I'm pinned.
But here, see if you can
help me move this beam.
- All right.
- I can't do it.
It's my leg.
- Hold on.
Oh, you're bleeding.
- Ooh! Ow.
- Sorry. My Mom's a doctor.
She says you need to put
pressure on something
if it's bleeding.
- Oh man, that hurts.
- Here. See if you can
put your hand on it.
- No. I can't reach it.
You better run for help.
- No, I'm gonna stay here with you.
- There you go.
Okay, try to hold still.
We'll get you an X-ray
as soon as possible.
- Thank you.
- [Announcer] Dr. Wilbur,
Dr. Carter, OR Two.
- Thanks.
- Any word on reinforcements?
- Well, Dr. Barnes and Dr.
Katcha are on their way,
but that's it so far.
- Anything on Dan and the plane?
- Not yet.
- He should be here by now.
- Look,
the storm is really slowing
everything down out there.
I'm sure he's fine.
- [Announcer] Dr. Carter to OR Two.
Dr. Wilbur, Dr. Carter, to OR Two.
(engine whirs)
- Don't touch that!
- Excuse me for being thirsty.
You don't have to freak out about it.
- I'm sorry. It's not a regular cooler.
- Whatever.
(relaxing somber music)
- It's carrying a new liver for Jason.
- Yeah right.
- That's why I was up here.
The plane that was carrying
it went down in the mountains.
- You're serious?
- Yep.
- So is Jason gonna be okay?
- If we can get this
cooler to the hospital
before the green lights go out.
- Well, there's only three
left. How long is that?
- I don't know.
- Why were you wasting time by stopping?
What if we don't make it?
- We'll make it.
(sighs deeply)
We'll make it.
(thunder crashes)
Ah!
(Marie and Dan scream and holler)
(window breaks)
(hail banging)
- [Dan] Hang on!
(somber music)
(crowd chatters)
- [Announcer] All available
personnel to Trauma Two.
All available personnel to Trauma Two.
- Mr. Sanders, how are you feeling?
- [Announcer] Biomed to Two East.
Biomed to Two East.
(crowd chatters)
(Director clears throat)
(Christy sighs)
All available pediatrics personnel
to East Wing Three immediately.
- Yes?
- How are we doing?
- How do you think?
I'm working with half a staff,
the patients are piling up.
Look, we need to start moving
the minor injuries upstairs
until we can get to them.
- Not without admitting them.
- The paperwork can wait.
We need the space.
- Then start forwarding
the appropriate cases
to County General.
- You mean the people without insurance?
- We're not a free clinic, Doctor.
- I am not sending anybody
back out into that storm.
- Well, you're not sending
anybody upstairs either.
- [Announcer] Orderlies
Johnson and Leonard,
bring all available gurneys to ER.
Orderlies Johnson and Leonard-
- Call upstairs. Get a list of
all available hospital beds.
- Debbie, put down that phone!
You move a single patient
without my authorization,
it will be the last decision
you make in this hospital.
- [Announcer] All available paramedics,
please report to personnel outside-
- Debbie, as of right now,
every patient in here
is considered critical
until a complete exam by
me determines otherwise.
- You can't do that.
- I just did.
Now, if you wanna deny treatment
or forward a critical patient
without my authorization,
you can bring it up with the state board.
- [Announcer] Will the Gordon family
please see Dr. Travis
in the ER waiting room?
Gordon family, please see Dr. Travis-
- Wow.
- Yeah.
Well, better get busy
before she comes back
with her flying monkeys.
(Debbie laughs)
(birds chirping)
(flame sparks)
(gas drips)
- Ah.
You okay?
- Yeah, I think so.
- Unbuckle your seatbelt.
(gas drips)
Ah!
- Sorry.
- Ah! That's okay.
Ah, climb in the back
and get out the back.
(flame sparks)
It's okay. I got it.
- Dad, it's stuck.
I smell gas.
- Listen to me.
Listen to me!
I want you to climb out the back
and get away from the car, okay?
Marie, don't worry about
me! Just get outta here.
For once in your life, will
you do what I tell you?
- For once in your life,
stop telling me what to do.
- Remind me to raise your allowance.
Go, go, go!
- [Marie] We gotta get out of here.
- Come on, Marie. Hurry up! Move!
Go, go, go!
- Come on!
- Get going! Go!
- Ah!
(car explodes)
This is crazy.
- Yeah. Just go.
- So boom, one of them caught
me right in the shoulder.
And when I went down, I jammed
the eye piece right in there.
You ever try to drive with one eye?
- No.
- It's tough.
- I can imagine.
Maybe next time you'll take
cover like everyone else.
- Are you kidding me?
You know how long I've
waited for footage like that?
(Christy laughs)
- I guess that's one way of
looking at it. Hold still.
- I mean, you should have seen it.
One minute, it's like a used car lot.
The next minute, it's like a war zone.
- You were at Crane's?
- Yeah, there was some used car auction
or something going on.
- Did you see a little boy
doing magic down there?
- Yeah, I saw that kid.
- Do you know where he is now?
- No. Once that hail
hit it got real crazy.
(phone clicks)
(phone rings)
- [Voice Mail] You've reached
Rutland Paramedic Dispatch.
Please hold for the
next available operator.
(window bangs)
- Well, when you say
worse, how much worse?
Well, I don't know!
You're the National Weather Service.
How about using all those
fancy computers and satellites
and taking a guess?
(upbeat dramatic music)
- Wait, Dad! It's broken.
That light was still green.
How do we know if it's supposed to be on?
- We don't. Come on.
- Yeah, it figures, just my luck.
I'm having the best day of my life
and then this thing happens.
You know, a couple more hours,
I'd have broke all the records.
- Coulda been worse.
- Well, thanks.
As I lay here bleeding,
I'll count my blessings.
- I didn't mean to ruin your auction.
- That's okay.
You sure you're all right?
- Yeah. I just kinda hurt my
side when the car fell on us.
Do you have anything to drink?
- There used to be a water
cooler around here somewhere,
but not anymore.
- I can wait.
- Listen, Jason, I'm sorry
about what happened before.
You were right about wanting
to send everybody home.
It's just I get, I get
caught up sometimes.
- You really like selling cars, huh?
- Yeah, I do.
I like the auction.
- Even though you sell
everything so cheap?
- Hey, between you and
me, it's a gold mine.
- Really?
- Yeah! Once the bidding
starts, human nature takes over.
It's not just about trying
to make the best deal,
it's about one guy trying
to outbid the other.
One guy bids and the other guy bids,
and before you know it, the
prices just skyrocket. (laughs)
- That's pretty cool.
- Yeah, it is.
- Hey look!
- Does it work?
(phone clicks)
(phone beeps)
(thunder crashes)
- Go! Go!
Faster! Let's go!
Watch it.
(dramatic music)
You all right?
- [Marie] Yeah. I'm okay.
(hail banging)
- Get inside!
I'll be back as soon as I can!
- But I want to help you!
- No buts! Just do it.
(hail banging)
(windows breaking)
(tools clang)
(hail banging)
- Ah!
(ornament breaks)
- Supervisor to Base.
- Dan, where have you been?
This storm is tearing the town apart.
- I know. Did you get Jason?
- I'm trying, but we're swamped.
- Come on, Stu! Get somebody out there.
- Hey, it's like a war zone out there.
I'm doing the best I can.
(thunder crashes)
- I know. I'm sorry. Just
let me know when you get him.
(upbeat dramatic music)
(tools bang and clang)
(thunder crashes)
(tools clanging)
(crowd chatters)
(phone rings)
- Jason? You okay?
- I'm fine. Don't be mad
but I'm at the auction.
- It's okay, Sweetheart. Daddy told me.
Where's Marie?
- She is around somewhere.
Ah. I'm with Mr. Crane
and his leg is hurt.
- All right, Stu is sending someone over
and bringing you all to the hospital.
Sweetheart, I have great news.
They found a liver for you.
You're gonna have the operation.
Jason?
- Yeah, that's great, Mom.
- Don't worry, Sweetheart.
It's all gonna be fine.
- [Nurse] Dr. Blanchard, we need you!
- I gotta go! I love
you. I'll see you soon.
(phone slams)
- Help is on its way.
- That's good news.
Something wrong?
- No, it's just I have
to have an operation.
A liver transplant.
- Liver? You don't strike
me as a heavy drinker.
- I was rock climbing
last year and I fell.
- Shoo! That looks bad.
- Yeah, and the doctor said
it would take a long time
for me to find a new one,
but I guess it didn't.
- That's good news.
They told me it would take me two years
to find a crank shaft for my '69 Camaro,
so I'd say you're a pretty lucky kid.
- I guess.
- Dr. Blanchard, I need to speak with you.
- I'm busy.
- It'll just take a minute.
Look, if it's about the overtime,
we're understaffed as it is.
- The storm has closed down the airport.
Dr. Burquette won't get here in time
to do your son's surgery.
- We'll get somebody else.
- There is nobody else.
- Well, what do we do?
- Nothing.
If I don't have a transplant surgeon,
I can't authorize the procedure.
You'll just have to
wait for another match.
- Ah!
- You nervous about the operation?
- No, it's just, I'm not
so sure I wanna have it.
- Oh, come on. Of course you do.
- Did you know sometimes
doctors pull out the wrong part?
I mean, stuff happens.
- Nonsense. "You have nothing
to fear, but fear itself."
John F. Kennedy said that.
- Actually it's, "We
have nothing to fear,"
and it's Franklin Delano Roosevelt.
- You're missing my point.
Okay, say that you get a new magic trick.
- Like sawing a lady in half?
- Sure.
Now say this trick is so hard
that you're afraid to do it
when you get out on stage.
I mean, does that mean that
you're gonna just throw it away?
- No.
'Cause if I just did the easy
tricks, my act would stink.
- Exactly.
If you don't go for
the big tricks in life,
you'll almost always regret it.
- Do you regret stuff?
- Oh, sure I do. Yep.
Three things in particular.
I always wanted to write a novel
and I shoulda married Mary Beth Ryan
when I had the chance,
and I should never have put
this stupid car on a pole.
Now can I ask you something?
- Yeah, sure.
- How do you saw a lady in half?
- I can't tell you that.
(crickets chirping)
- Ow!
I thought I told you to stay in the house.
- I thought you might need some help.
- I need you to stay out the way.
- Fine.
(tool clangs)
(somber music)
(tool bangs)
I know you think it was my fault.
- What was your fault?
- Jason's accident.
I know you and Mom blame me.
- Honey, no we don't.
- I've been tying belay
knots since I was 10.
I tied his right.
- Oh.
Hey, hey!
Sometimes accidents just happen.
- But it shouldn't have. I
don't know why it didn't hold.
- Listen to me.
I checked Jason's knot after you tied it,
so if anyone's to blame, it's me.
- You checked it?
- Just like I've been checking
yours since you were 10.
(somber music continues)
Jason didn't even wanna
go climbing that day,
but I pushed him.
I thought I could make him
love climbing like we do.
But that's not who he is.
- But he's gonna be okay now.
- Only if we can get this
thing started. Hand me a 7/8.
(thunder crashes)
That's it.
(wood bangs)
Oh!
- Dad! We gotta get down!
(hail banging)
It will break apart. Dad!
- Stay back against the wall. Back!
- Ah!
(hail and wood bangs)
- Yeah!
- Dad!
- Ah! Ah!
(dramatic music)
- Dad!
- Ah!
(hail and wood bangs)
No! Marie!
- Ah!
(roof crashes)
- There has to be some way
of getting a surgeon up here.
- I'm sorry, Christy.
There's nothing I can do.
The FAA has everything
in the area grounded.
We haven't seen the worst of this thing.
- What about Jason?
- [Stu] I'm working on it.
Don't worry, we'll find him.
- Thanks. Stu, call me as
soon as you know something.
- Excuse me!
Hi, I'm from WCVD News and
I heard mentioned earlier
of a confrontation between
you and Karen Benton.
I was wondering if you'd like
to give your side of the story
to our viewers.
The viewers love that whole
doctor's fight for patients rights angle.
- No, thank you.
- Now this is for television!
If you change your mind, I'll be around.
- [Announcer] Dr. Harrison, 3349.
(relaxing mysterious music)
(Dan and Marie cough)
- You okay?
- Yeah.
- I gotta go before the next one hits.
You go in the house and stay there.
- Wait!
(soft dramatic music)
I'm going with you.
- Marie!
- You need me to hold the cooler.
(engine roars)
(dramatic music continues)
- Let's go, Kiddo. Hold on tight.
(somber music)
- Ah.
Jason?
There it is.
Yep.
All right.
Jason!
They shoulda been here by now.
(phone beeping)
- [Operator] 911 Emergency.
- Hello, this is Pete
Crane over at Crane's Auto.
Listen, I've got an emergency
situation here and...
Hello? Hello?
Oh, nuts. Battery's dead.
Listen Jason, Jason. Jason, wake up.
Listen, I want you to go outside.
I want you to flag down a car
and I want you to get
over to the hospital.
- No. I'm okay.
- You're not okay!
Well, what is it?
Are you trying to be a hero
or are you scared or what?
But either way, let me tell you something.
If anything bad happens to you
while you're staying in here with me,
my conscience just can't live with that.
You understand?
- Don't worry about it.
(coughs deeply)
- I am worried about it.
(crickets chirp)
(dramatic music)
(engine roars)
Why you doing this?
- I did something bad.
I need to do something
good to make up for it.
- What are you talking about?
- I lied to my family.
- What kind of lie?
- A bad one. So bad it made
them all hate each other.
- Well, listen.
If it's that big a deal,
why don't you just come
clean and take your lumps?
- I can't.
- Sure you can. Look.
How old are you? 11?
- 12.
- Oh, 11, 12, there's not much difference.
Let me tell you something, Jason.
It's never too early to start being a man.
- I want to, but what if they hate me?
- Hey, they're your family.
They're gonna forgive ya.
- Are you sure?
- Hey, I'm a used car salesman. Trust me.
(dramatic music)
- [Marie] Are we gonna make it?
- [Dan] We're almost there.
(thunder crashes)
- [Marie] Can't you go any faster?
(engine roars)
(hail bangs)
- [Dan] Whoa! Hold on!
Ah!
Hang on!
- [Marie] Yah!
- Marie? Marie! You okay?
Come on. Come on, Honey.
We gotta go.
Come on. We gotta go. Keep going.
Ah!
You okay?
- Yeah, I'm fine.
Look. What are we gonna do now?
- Keep moving.
- [Marie] Looks like a
bomb went off or something.
- Don't think about it, Honey.
Let's just keep moving. Come on.
- [Stu] Dan, you there?
- Yeah, go Stu.
- Bad news.
Unit Two lost it in the
hail squall on Sycamore
and rolled the rig.
- Are Zack and Doug okay?
- Yeah, but the truck
is out of commission.
I've got calls into everyone
from the sheriff to sanitation,
but the city's maxed out.
I can't get to Jason.
- All right. Look, I'm only a
few blocks from Crane's now.
I'll get him myself.
- We're running out of time.
- I know. Let's go. Come on. Come on.
- [Christy] Here you go. Good as new.
Now you're gonna be brave
for your Mommy, right?
That's my girl.
- [Announcer] Dr. Carter, OR.
- Go ahead. Thanks Debbie.
- Okay. Come on.
- Hey!
- [Child] Dad!
- Mouah! Do you feel okay?
- [Debbie] Okay. We have
a broken leg in two.
And-
- Funny.
(somber music)
You try so hard to teach them
to be bold and independent,
even though that's the last
thing you want them to be,
and then one day they wanna
try something that scares you
and you let them
because you don't want them
to be scared of anything
and you tell yourself you're being silly
and you let them go,
and then something goes wrong.
- Jason's fall was an accident, Christy.
- I should have been there, Debbie.
- Don't do this to yourself.
- If I'd been able to
treat him right away?
- It wouldn't have made a difference.
Look, you know Dan did
everything possible.
Christy, you can't blame yourself.
There's nothing more you could have done.
- Maybe.
I just wish I'd been there to try.
(crickets chirp)
- [Dan] Jason!
- [Marie] Jason!
Where are you?
- Jason!
Jason!
- Hey, Kid. Somebody's here.
- [Marie] Jason, where are you?
- In here! We're in the shack!
- Okay, hold on!
Ah!
(wood bangs)
No, no. I don't have any idea
what's holding this thing up.
Wait here.
- Okay.
- Thank you.
(lips kiss)
(thunder crashes)
Jason!
- Boy am I glad to see you.
- Dad.
- He's pretty bad. He's getting worse.
- Ah, he's burning up.
Oh!
(ice bangs)
All right, take this ice. Chew on it.
- Why didn't I think of that?
- I'm gonna take him out of
here. I'll be back for you.
- His leg!
- What?
- His leg.
(thunder crashes)
It's bleeding.
- I'm all right.
- He's holding your artery.
- No, no. It's okay.
Get him outta here. I'll be okay.
I'm all right. Go on.
- A tourniquet. I need
something to tie it off.
- Hey, Dad. Here. How about that?
- Great.
All right.
This might hurt a bit.
- Oh, no, no.
Ah, it feels great. That's great.
- Sorry.
I will be back.
Come on.
Come on, Jason.
- Don't worry. I'll be all right, Jason.
- That's it. Come on.
(thunder crashes)
Come on. That's it. That's it.
- [Marie] Hurry. Is he okay?
- I don't know yet.
- We gotta go. It's coming again.
- Marie, calm down.
(thunder crashes)
Stu? Are you there?
- Go ahead.
- I'm at Crane's and I got Jason.
- [Stu] Great!
- Listen, I got an injured Pete Crane
trapped in a collapsed trailer.
Is there any chance you
can get someone over here?
- [Stu] No. Not for a while.
Medusa's got everything tied up.
- All right. Call Christy.
Let her know we're on our way.
All right, this is what I want you to do.
I want you to keep him as warm as you can.
I'll be right back.
- No! There's only one green light left.
- Yeah. Okay. Okay. Let me think.
Just get him on the bus.
I'll be right there.
(Jason groans)
- Come on.
Come on. Keep walking.
(thunder crashes)
- All right. We gotta move fast.
This whole thing could
come down on us any second.
- This whole day just
keeps getting better.
- Oh!
- You all right?
- Ssh. You're gonna be okay, Squirt.
- I didn't tell that you went climbing.
- I know, I know.
- All right. When I lift this
beam, you pull your legs out.
- You sure this is gonna work?
- No, just get your legs out.
- There's something else.
When I fell, it wasn't your fault.
(thunder crashes)
- Don't worry about that now, okay?
- I wanted to prove I could do it myself.
I retied my rope after you did.
I didn't wanna get in trouble.
You can tell Mom and Dad.
- One!
Two!
Three!
(grunts and groans)
(beam clangs)
- Actually, I think you should tell Dad.
- You don't think he'll be mad?
- Something tells me it'll be okay.
- You're not mad?
- No.
- Does this mean I can saw you in half?
- If you get better, we'll see.
- What about thirds? I could
take your head right off.
- Don't push it.
(wind blowing violently)
(wood creaking)
(shack clangs and bangs)
- Dad!
- Ah! Oh!
- Where's my Dad?
- He was right behind me.
No, you can't go in there.
- Let go of me!
Dad!
- Easy. Easy! I think I broke my ankle.
Ah!
- You okay?
- Yeah.
- You wanna race?
- You're on.
(thunder crashes)
- Oh!
(dramatic music)
- [Dan] Okay, Kiddo. Your turn to drive.
- I can't drive a bus.
- You're the only one with
two working legs. Come on.
- Fine.
- Okay, Crane, tell me this thing runs.
- Runs like a dream.
(engine whirs)
Try it again.
Don't worry. She'll start.
Go ahead. Put the pedal all the way down.
(engine whirs)
(engine roars)
Yeah!
Hey, what'd I tell ya?
Never sold a lemon in my life. (laughs)
(gears creak)
(car bangs)
- [Dan] Take it easy!
- Sorry.
(upbeat dramatic music)
(gear creaks)
- That's it. Doing great.
(phone rings)
- Rutland ER.
- [Dan] It's me.
- Dan, where are you?
What's taking so long?
- It's a long story.
You guys have to be ready to
go as soon as we get there.
Jason's in liver failure.
- What happened?
- I don't know.
But you were right. I
never shoulda let him go.
It's all my fault.
- No, no, no. It's not.
Just get him here as fast as you can.
Everything's gonna be okay.
Call upstairs.
I want anesthesia and a surgical
team ready and standing by.
- But ah, who's doing the surgery?
Ah.
(breathes deeply)
Okay.
- Excuse me, Cameraman. I
have a question for you.
(upbeat dramatic music)
(metal crashes)
- What was that?
- Nothing!
(gears crank)
I'm driving this thing.
- How you doing?
- I'm okay.
What happened to your foot?
- Oh, it's no big deal.
- Is that it?
- Yeah.
- Too bad they didn't
pack some sodas in there.
(Dan laughs)
- Yeah, that's a good idea.
We should suggest it to them, huh?
- Dad, there's something you should know.
It wasn't your fault that I fell.
- Hey, hey, look.
Let's not worry about
that right now, okay?
It's not important.
Everything's gonna be okay.
- No, I mean, I retied
my knot before I climbed.
I just wanted to show
you I could do it myself.
I'm sorry.
Next time I'll let you do it.
- You mean you wanna go
climbing again sometime?
- Sure. I mean, climbing was fun.
It was the falling that stunk.
(thunder crashes)
(hail bangs)
- Uh, Dad.
Dad!
(dramatic mysterious music)
- Let's get you to the
back of the bus, Jason.
Come on! Crane, take Jason.
- [Crane] Come on, Jason. Let's go.
- Hold on!
Here she comes!
- Ah!
(windows break)
- Break. Break! That's it!
(hail banging)
Is everyone okay?
- Yeah.
- It's coming right at
us. I can't die like this.
- Marie. Marie, calm down.
- Will this really work?
- Absolutely.
My station has a satellite
feed open to Atlanta
and the network shot just
arrived with the surgeon.
He'll have as good a view as you do
and be able to talk to
you the whole procedure.
- I hope so.
- You know when the
world sees this footage,
you're gonna be the most famous
TV doc since Marcus Welby.
- If I don't botch it.
- Ah!
(somber music)
(thunder crashes)
(dramatic music)
(hail banging)
- [Marie] I can't see where I'm going.
- Straight back. Straight back!
Right. Right! Left! Marie,
to the right! To the right!
Okay, now left! Left!
Turn it hard! Harder! Come on. Gun it!
(hail banging)
- Watch it! Watch it!
(bus bangs)
- I see the hospital. Come
on. Keep going faster. Faster!
That's it, Marie! Good! Good! Good!
We're almost there! We're almost there!
- Woo! Woo-hoo!
You got it now.
- Straight back. Come on. Come on.
Take it in easy. Get in safely.
That's it. Ease up. Ease up.
Way to go, Kiddo.
All right. Make sure they
have a gurney for him. Go!
(Jason groans)
- Let me get it there.
- [Dan] You're all right, Jason.
- [Announcer] Dr. Mark, Trauma Four.
- Jason.
I love you.
Start him on a saline
drip. Get him upstairs.
- Mom!
- Sweetheart! Are you all right?
- I'm fine. I wanna go with Jason.
- Go ahead. I'll be right there.
- [Nurse] Do you wanna
take them to second floor?
- [Announcer] Dr. Wilbur,
Dr. Carter, to OR Two.
Dr. Wilbur, Dr. Carter, to OR Two.
- It's down to the wire but it's here.
- Edward, get this upstairs to the OR.
- Right.
- Sorry we're late. Traffic was a mess.
- Are you all right?
- Don't worry about me.
- Dan, we've got a problem.
The storm. The surgeon can't get here.
- So what are we supposed to do?
- Well, we don't have many choices.
We can stabilize Jason
and hope to find another match someday.
- No! He needs that liver now.
It's here. We can't just throw it away.
- I agree.
The only other option
is me doing the surgery
with a specialist talking
me through it from Atlanta.
- [Announcer] All available EMTs
report to Trauma Two, Three and Four.
- It's a complicated procedure
and I completely understand
if you don't think we should risk it.
- No.
You are too good a doctor
and way too good a mother
to even think about it
unless you knew you could do it.
Trust your instincts.
- Are you sure?
- Positive.
(relaxing music)
- Better get upstairs.
- Go!
- Hey. You ever see a
bus perform like this?
- Can't say that I have.
- I'll tell you, Mother Nature herself
couldn't stop a Pete Crane vehicle.
Nothing in this world could.
Hey, that's pretty good,
I oughta write that down.
You got a pen?
(Dan laughs)
- You better be careful.
He might have you driving this thing home.
Listen,
(thunder crashes)
I just wanna say thanks
for watching out for Jason.
(sirens blare)
I really appreciate it.
- Yeah, I would say you're welcome,
but truth is Pete Crane never
sold a lemon or told a lie,
and I oughta thank you because
your son saved my life.
You got one heck of a kid there.
Your daughter too.
- Yeah.
- You're a lucky man, Blanchard.
- I know.
Thanks.
- Yep.
- Come on. I'll help you up.
- Oh, thanks. Yeah.
I'm telling you the truth now.
I paid $3.000 for this bus,
but I'd be willing to
give it to you for 2.500.
- [EMT] Yeah?
- [Crane] Oh yeah. 500 down,
that's all it's going to take.
- [EMT] Well, what kind of interest?
- [Crane] No interest at all.
Just 500 sweet greenbacks.
(somber music)
- It's time.
What if we lose the feed?
Look at my hands.
What if Jason?
- No, no, no. Everything will go fine.
Hey, you can do this.
- She's right.
You can do this.
- Come on, let's get you scrubbed in.
- Go.
(footsteps clicking)
- Stop! This is an unauthorized procedure.
Anyone assisting Dr. Blanchard
in any way will be suspended,
pending further disciplinary action.
Go home, Doctor. You're
through for the day.
- Don't do this.
- I already have.
You may be willing to
throw away your career,
but you're gonna have to do it alone.
- I've done my share of OR
rotations. I'll help you.
- Galliano!
- Go ahead and fire me.
- You are all in violation
of hospital policy.
Clear this OR immediately,
or I will remove every one
of you from the premises.
- This procedure will continue
as scheduled in 10 minutes.
- Here we go. Here we go.
Rebel hospital staff risk
career to save dying boy.
Film at 11.
- Smile for the camera, Karen.
(somber upbeat music)
(footsteps scuffle)
- Thank you. I owe you one.
- No you don't. You earned this.
Now let's get you scrubbed in.
- I'll see you in a few hours.
- I'll be waiting.
(machine beeping)
- [Nurse] Blood oxygen, 92.
Pressure?
- [Nurse] 120 over 60.
- [Doctor] All right.
Next, you're going to
clamp the hepatic artery.
You're doing fine, Dr. Blanchard.
Evacuate.
- [Nurse] Evacuating.
Suction.
- [Camera Operator] That's
it. Oh perfect. That's lovely.
- [Christy] Incisor.
- [Nurse] Incisor.
- [Doctor] Looks like you've
got cartilage. Clear it.
- [Nurse] Clearing cartilage.
- [Camera Operator] Oh, this looks great.
- [Nurse] Blood pressure dropping. 70.
- [Doctor] Okay, now pull
the lateral retractor.
- [Christy] Forceps.
- [Nurse] Forceps.
- [Doctor] Turn the clamp
and evacuate the blood.
- [Announcer] Dr. Fitzgerald, 4721.
Dr. Fitzgerald, 4721.
- Thanks.
- [Stu] How's he doing?
- I don't know.
It's been almost six hours.
- He's a tough kid.
- They both are.
What's going on with the storm?
- Medusa has officially left the building.
Weather Service canceled the alert,
the skies are clearing.
- Great.
- Oh, I saw that medic from the plane.
He said he's ready to
collect on your deal.
(Dan chuckles)
- Thanks.
(sighs heavily)
I've just been sitting here.
- [Announcer] Wheelchair to room five.
Wheelchair to room five.
- Thinking about everything.
(sighs dramatically)
I don't belong behind a desk.
Once Jason's through with all this,
I'm going back in the
field where I belong.
- Is this where I get
to say I told you so?
- No, this is where you say
you'll take over the squad.
- Oh! Thanks for the thought.
Division will never let an
old dog like me have a squad.
- Trust me,
when they hear how you steered
this town through the storm,
they're gonna wonder why
they ever gave it to me
in the first place.
What do you say?
- I don't know what to say.
- Say yes.
- [Announcer] Nurse Stockdale-
- Okay.
Yes.
- Congratulations, Boss.
- Hey, wait a minute.
Does this mean I have to redo
all those manpower reports?
- Take it up with division.
- [Nurse] Pressure holding.
- [Doctor] That's it.
Now restore the flow
to the anterior artery.
- [Camera Operator] Stay
with it. Stay with it.
- [Doctor] Quickly please. Indicators?
- [Nurse] Stable but cautious.
- [Camera Operator] Just keep doing-
Oh!
- [Doctor] Okay. That's
great. Let's proceed.
- [Christy] Suction.
- [Nurse] Suction.
- [Doctor] All right,
now unclamp the hepatic
artery and restore.
Steady, Doctor. Reduce the
bleeding. It's too heavy.
- [Nurse] He can't lose any more pressure.
- [Doctor] Tie off the vena
cava first, then restore.
Check the pressure.
- [Nurse] 110 over 65.
- [Doctor] Thank you. No lower.
Easy now. Slowly,
Doctor. This is critical.
- [Nurse] Pressure's at 62. 61.
Pressure's dropping.
- [Doctor] Let's fix that.
- [Nurse] 60. 59.
- [Doctor] Doctor, you can do it.
- It's been 24 hours
since one of the most severe
hail storms in US history
struck this quiet Vermont town.
I'm here at the Rutland Medical Center
where a dedicated,
understaffed medical team
has worked tirelessly through the night
on hundreds of hail victims.
Among the more serious patients
is 12-year-old Jason Blanchard.
Cut it!
Are you sure this is working?
- Absolutely. You're nailing it.
- Yeah? Okay. That's good. All right.
- [Announcer] Maintenance
to Nurse's Station Three.
- Yeah. I don't know. I
think it needs an edge.
A little bit of an edge, huh?
- Whatever you say.
Take 14. You're on.
- It's been 24 hours
since one of the most severe
hail storms in US history
struck this quiet Vermont town.
(somber music)
- Hey, earth to Marie.
Come on.
Now you say?
- Pick a card.
- Any card at all.
- What's the difference? Pick
a card means any of them.
- I know but that's just the
way you're supposed to say it.
- Shouldn't he be resting?
- I'm sure he can handle
one more trick. Go on.
- Pick a card, any card at all.
- Hey, Champ. How you doing this morning?
- I'm okay. Right, Mom?
- [Announcer] Biomed to Two East.
- You're better than okay.
- Yeah, he's about 98%
as annoying as ever.
(Dan laughs)
- Glad to hear it.
I'm sure with the help
of his loving sister,
he'll be 100% in no time.
Hey guys, can I,
can I borrow Mom for a sec?
- Sure. I'm not going anywhere.
(relaxing cheerful music)
(Dan sighs deeply)
- It's been a long night.
- Yeah.
- How are you holding up?
- Okay.
- [Announcer] Dr. Bronson, 3249.
- How's the town?
- Millie Ryan's cat's already
stuck in another tree,
so I guess everything's
getting back to normal.
Look,
I'm sorry about yesterday.
I never meant to lie to you.
- No, I'm sorry.
I haven't been the easiest
person to be with lately.
(lips kiss)
- Well, the important thing is
we got through this
and Jason's gonna be fine.
- Yes, he is.
- Why don't you go grab
a non-hospital meal
and I'll watch Jason for a while.
- Why don't you come with me?
I'm sure the kids will
be fine on their own
for an hour or so.
- How about this one?
- [Marie] Pick another card.
- You sure?
- Positive.
Don't be so overprotective.
(Marie laughs)
(relaxing cheerful music continues)
(mysterious orchestral music)
(dramatic orchestral music)
(relaxing orchestral music)
(cheerful upbeat music)
(fireworks exploding)